List of commands.

= Menus =

== Menu File ==

=== Open, Save or Save as... ===

Open, Save or Save as .sg files (not sound). A .sg file is a snapshot of the state of the project.

=== Open Soundfile... ===

Import a new sound.

=== Preferences... === 

(Ctrl+;) Opens window where User can change OSC settings (to share trajectories with an other software) and the Csound's buffer sizes.

=== Open FX Window ===

(Ctrl+P) Opens the module's parameters window.

=== Run ===
 
(Ctrl+R) Shortcut to start/stop the sound.

== Menu Drawing ==

=== Undo - Redo ===

There is unlimited undo and redo stages. These actions have effect only on drawing surface (trajectories).
 
=== Draw Waveform ===

If checked, the sound waveform will be drawn behind the trajectories.

=== Activate Lowpass filter ===

If checked, All points of a trajectory will be filtered by a lowpass filter. This can be used to smooth the trajectory or to insert resonance in the curve when the Q is very high.

=== Fill points ===

If checked, spaces between points in a trajectory (especially when stretching the curve) will be filled by adding additional points. If unchecked, number of points in the trajectory won't change, Useful to keep synchronization between similar trajectories.

=== Edition levels ===

Set the spread of modification of a trajectory when edited with mouse. Higher values give narrower transformations.

=== Reinit counters ===

Re-sync the trajectories points counter. This is automatically done when the audio is started.  

== Menu Audio Drivers ==

Used to choose the desired driver. The drivers list is updated only on startup.

== Menu Modules ==

=== Granulator ===

Granulates a sound by moving a pointer in the sound. It gives control on grain size and on a per-grain randomly choosed transposition.

 * X axis: Pointer position in the sound
 * Y axis: Global transposition

=== FFTReader ===

Resynthesis of the sound by moving a pointer in an FFT buffer. 

 * X axis: Pointer position in the sound
 * Y axis: Global transposition

=== FFTAdsyn ===

Same as FFTReader with additional control on the number and position of bins used in synthesis.

 * X axis: Pointer position in the sound
 * Y axis: Global transposition

=== FFTRingMod ===

Performs a ring modulation between a FFT resynthesis of the sound and a sine wave. 

 * X axis: Pointer position in the sound
 * Y axis: Pitch of the sine wave

=== FMCrossSynth ===

Cross synthesis between the sound and a frequency modulation.

 * X axis: Pointer position in the sound
 * Y axis: FM base pitch


=== Examples ===

Some example projects.

= Drawing surface =

 * *clic on empty space* : adds a new trajectory
 * *left-clic on red rect* : moves a trajectory
 * *right-clic on red rect* : deletes a trajectory
 * *alt+clic on red rect* : duplicates a trajectory
 * *left-clic on blue diamond* : rescales a circle or oscil trajectory
 * *left-clic on a trajectory* : the user can drag and modify the shape of the trajectory. See Edition levels. 